This document contains narratives and stories about how users currently work and how they like to work and what friction they encounter in their workflow.

I work on multiple persistent projects from time to time. Pretty much whenever an idea comes to me about the project, I will switch to that agents window (i run a single tmux session with multiple windows) enter my thoughts, have a brief dialogue about it then switch back. Sometimes these interactions are just about noting down some information or an idea. Other times it is to start some long running work. 

I have many transient relatively small and short lived tasks. Do something specific, perhaps after a little knowledge gathering and orientation first. Then kill that agent session. Perhaps write up a little note about what was done. 

Then i have some major projects. At a given time I am usually working on core development for one of them, and then doing maintainance, support, or small feature development for multiple others. For these it is important that the agent sessions have more context about the project and the context we are working in. In a new project I usually have an agent look through it, write some documentation and write down the project structure. Then I ask another session to gather context about the project and the specific thing we are doing, and then we can get to work. This usually takes a significant amount of time, and when an agent session is done most of that is lost. I don't want the next agent session to have all the context available, but I don't want all of it to be lost. I would like if most of it could be queryable/accessible to the agent so they can find it when they need it, but not directly inject it into their context.
I usually create a makeshift system consisting of markdown documentation and an index file that I tell the agent about. 

Project and general knowledge management for agents is a large problem, and something I have not been able to solve reliably. But I would like to atleast have the agent be aware of what we are doing, the goal, how to approach it, what we have already done/tried, and some general information about the project. Basically I just want to be able to hit the ground running. 

With all of this, I am usually running quite a few agent sessions in parallel, and it is easy to loose track. Often one or more of them is doing a long running task, and I would like to return to that session as soon as possible after it is done. 

I have a chronological log file that I maintain in emacs. I create a heading for every day, and subheadings for every project i work on that day. Then I write down my plans, what i learn, what I try, what I accomplished. 
The chronological log is good for writing but terrible for reading, so i made a package that syncs the project headings to another document where each project is a heading with subheadings for each day. Thus I am able to gather all the logs for a single project. Still in chronological order though. I should note there are currenly two heading levels in the project file, and I am not quite consistent in using them. Sometimes I have a top level heading for a project and subheadings for features. Other times I have a top level heading for a collection of projects and sub headings for each project.
This may be wishful thinking, but I think it would be useful if I could add functionality to my emacs package, and some data and metadata to my project file and then pass some of it in a structured format when i start a new agent session for a project. I am not yet sure how this would work, but the log seems like a valuable source of information that is currently not utilised for agents at all. 